[master < add-mage-changelog] Add MAGE changelog (#594)
memgraph/docs: mage/changelog.md

sidebar_label: Changelog
---

> ## v1.4 - Dec 13, 2021

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## v1.4 - Dec 13, 2022
```

Reviewer: Are you sure this is the correct date?

### Major Features and Improvements

> - Implement Link prediction with DGL.

Reviewer 2: Suggest we either replace DGL with the full name or convert it to a link as follows: [DGL](https://www.dgl.ai/).

  [#160](https://github.com/memgraph/mage/pull/160)
- Implement Node classification with PyTorch.
  [#161](https://github.com/memgraph/mage/pull/161)
- Add igraph support.
  [#150](https://github.com/memgraph/mage/pull/150)

> - Add embeddings K-Means++ clustering algorithm.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Add _k_-means embedding clustering algorithm.
```

> - Implement Link prediction with [DGL](https://www.dgl.ai/).
>   [#160](https://github.com/memgraph/mage/pull/160)
> - Implement Node classification with PyTorch.
>   [#161](https://github.com/memgraph/mage/pull/161)
> - Add igraph support.
>   [#150](https://github.com/memgraph/mage/pull/150)
> - Add _k_-means embedding clustering algorithm.
>   [#105](https://github.com/memgraph/mage/pull/105)
> - Add better support for C++ API.
>   [#174](https://github.com/memgraph/mage/pull/174)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Implemented Link prediction with [DGL](https://www.dgl.ai/).
  [#160](https://github.com/memgraph/mage/pull/160)
- Implemented Node classification with PyTorch.
  [#161](https://github.com/memgraph/mage/pull/161)
- Added igraph support.
  [#150](https://github.com/memgraph/mage/pull/150)
- Added _k_-means embedding clustering algorithm.
  [#105](https://github.com/memgraph/mage/pull/105)
- Added better support for C++ API.
  [#174](https://github.com/memgraph/mage/pull/174)
```

- 
### Bug Fixes

> - Fix reset procedure, class label and early stopping bugs on node classification module.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fix bugs in resetting procedures, class labels and early stopping in the Node classification module.
```

> - Fix bugs in resetting procedures, class labels and early stopping in the Node classification module.

Reviewer: I would like us to have more user-oriented changelogs..
I won't touch the older versions, but this is the newest one right?
So let's write something here that is comprehensible to the user... so what did you actually fix? What would happen that doesn't happen anymore?

Author: Okay makes sense

Author: I changed it, so check how it seems to you

  [#173](https://github.com/memgraph/mage/pull/173)

## v1.3.2 - Oct 10, 2022

### Major Features and Improvements
- Allow restricting community detection to subgraphs.
  [#152](https://github.com/memgraph/mage/pull/152)

> - Implement Degree centrality algorithm.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Implement the degree centrality algorithm.
```

> - Allow restricting community detection to subgraphs.
>   [#152](https://github.com/memgraph/mage/pull/152)
> - Implement the degree centrality algorithm.
>   [#162](https://github.com/memgraph/mage/pull/162)
> - Update Memgraph version.
>   [#171](https://github.com/memgraph/mage/pull/171)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Allowed restricting community detection to subgraphs.
  [#152](https://github.com/memgraph/mage/pull/152)
- Implemented the degree centrality algorithm.
  [#162](https://github.com/memgraph/mage/pull/162)
- Updated Memgraph version.
  [#171](https://github.com/memgraph/mage/pull/171)
```

### Bug Fixes
- Dynamic betweenness centrality bugfix by @antepusic in https://github.com/memgraph/mage/pull/147

## v1.3.1 - Jul 14, 2022

### Major Features and Improvements

> - Update MG version.
>   [#154](https://github.com/memgraph/mage/pull/154)
> - Introduce E2E group testing.
>   [#145](https://github.com/memgraph/mage/pull/145)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Update Memgraph version.
  [#154](https://github.com/memgraph/mage/pull/154)
- Introduced E2E group testing.
  [#145](https://github.com/memgraph/mage/pull/145)
```

## v1.3 - May 23, 2022

### Major Features and Improvements

> - Add integration between cuGraph and Memgraph integration.
>   [#99](https://github.com/memgraph/mage/pull/99)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added integration between cuGraph and Memgraph integration.
  [#99](https://github.com/memgraph/mage/pull/99)
```

Reviewer: why integration twice?

### Bug Fixes

> - Fix node deletion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed node deletion.
```

  [#141](https://github.com/memgraph/mage/pull/141)

## v1.2 - Apr 20, 2022

### Major Features and Improvements

- Implemented Temporal graph networks.
  [#121](https://github.com/memgraph/mage/pull/121)
- Implemented Dynamic Betweenness Centrality.
  [#127](https://github.com/memgraph/mage/pull/127)
- Implemented Dynamic Katz Centrality.
  [#117](https://github.com/memgraph/mage/pull/117)
- Implemented Louvain Community Detection.
  [#48](https://github.com/memgraph/mage/pull/48)
- Implemented Maximum Flow.
  [#125](https://github.com/memgraph/mage/pull/125)
- Implemented Static Katz Centrality. 
  [#117](https://github.com/memgraph/mage/pull/117)
- Added utility Import/Export module (JSON).
  [#100](https://github.com/memgraph/mage/pull/100)

> - Bump the version of Black formatter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Bumped the version of Black formatter.
```

  [#132](https://github.com/memgraph/mage/pull/132)

### Bug Fixes

> - Fix IsSubset checking for unordered set.
>   [#135](https://github.com/memgraph/mage/pull/135)
> - Fix Continuous integration.
>   [#133](https://github.com/memgraph/mage/pull/133)
> - Fix E2E testing.
>   [#128](https://github.com/memgraph/mage/pull/128)
> - Fix ID validity check.
>   [#129](https://github.com/memgraph/mage/pull/129)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed IsSubset checking for unordered set.
  [#135](https://github.com/memgraph/mage/pull/135)
- Fixed Continuous integration.
  [#133](https://github.com/memgraph/mage/pull/133)
- Fixed E2E testing.
  [#128](https://github.com/memgraph/mage/pull/128)
- Fixed ID validity check.
  [#129](https://github.com/memgraph/mage/pull/129)
```

sidebar_label: Changelog
---

> ## v1.4 - Dec 13, 2022

Reviewer: I still don't get this date :D

Author: Lapsus lingue :)

## v1.3.1 - Jul 14, 2022

### Major Features and Improvements

> - Update Memgraph version.

Reviewer 2: Since we’re using the past tense elsewhere:
```suggestion
- Updated Memgraph version.
```
